# FIFA Station
## Contributors
- Caleb Nkhum (Penn State)
- Haris Ahmad (Penn State)
## Description
FIFA is one of the most popular sports video games created by EA Sport. FIFA is a collection of all the soccer/football teams from around the world and it lets the user play with their favorite team. In the game, the players are rated on their performance in previous and current ongoing seasons, and the player rating is fixed for online gaming, however, the rating in offline gaming changes upon the player’s most recent performance. We are creating a static app for FIFA 23, the newest version of this game. In our app, the user can search for the players’ ratings, club teams, and national teams. Firstly, the home/main screen of the app is used to display the 10 highest-rated players with each block containing the player image, overall rating, and player’s name. Once the user clicked on the player it would switch to the “Player rating view” layout, where it would display all the stats about the player. The toolbar is included in all the layouts, and it can be used to search the player, use the menu setting to customize the app, search team, and national team, and change the currency of the player value.

The club team and national team are displayed in squad team view, where the user is able to see all the players in the team with their position, rating, and nationality. And also it allows the user to click on the player and switch the view to the “Player rating view” layout. Every time the user clicked on the player or searches for the player to view the player’s stats, it will make a toast with the player's name at the bottom of the app. We are getting the database of the players’ ratings from Fire Base, where we will be uploading the file containing all the ratings, player names, nationality, images, etc. Since we are using data from another website, we will let the user acknowledge we are using data from certain websites and not our own data, and this activity will be used as a confirmation dialog.